README.md, before:

# Deephaven Benchmark

[Summary of Latest Successful Nightly Benchmarks](docs/NightlySummary.md)
![Operation Rate Change Tracking By Release](https://storage.googleapis.com/deephaven-benchmark/nightly/deephaven/benchmark-summary.svg?)
([See Other Deephaven Summaries Below](#other-deephaven-summaries))

The Benchmark framework provides support for gathering performance measurements and statistics for operations on tabular data.  It uses the JUnit
framework as a runner and works from popular IDEs or from the command line. It is geared towards scale testing interfaces capable of ingesting 
table data, transforming it, and returning tabular results. 

Currently, most benchmarks that use the framework are aimed at broad coverage of single query operations executed in 
[Deephaven Community Core](https://deephaven.io/community/) through the Barrage Java Client. Tests focus on querying static parquet files, 
streamed Kafka topics, and replayed data.

The project maintains several hundred standardized benchmarks for Deephaven query operations that are tracked both from release-to-release and 
nightly. Results are regularly published to a read-only GCloud bucket (*deephaven-benchmark*) available through the public storage API. 

The typical workflow of a Benchmark test is... *Configure table/column generation* --> *Execute Query* --> *Measure Results*.  This is all done inside a JUnit test class.

Tests are designed to scale by changing a scale property value call *scale.row.count*, and per-test scale multipliers, so the same test can be used in multiple runs 
at different scales for comparison.  For ease of comparison, collected results use processing rates for benchmarked operations in addition to elapsed time. MXBean 
metrics are also collected for each benchmark as well as details about the platform where each test ran.

Tests are run client-server, so the test runner does not need to be co-located with the Deephaven Engine. Measurements and statistics are taken directly 
from the engine(s) to reduce the affect of I/O and test setup on the results.

Resources:
- [Getting Started](docs/GettingStarted.md) - Getting set up to run benchmarks against Deephaven Community Core
- [Test-writing Basics](docs/TestWritingBasics.md) - How to generate data and use it for tests
- [Collected Results](docs/CollectedResults.md) - What's in the benchmark results
- [Running from the Command Line](docs/CommandLine.md) - How to run the benchmark jar with a test package
- [Published Results Storage](docs/PublishedResults.md) - How to grab and use Deephaven's published benchmarks

## Concepts

### Self-guided API
The *Bench* API uses the builder pattern to guide the test writer in generating data, executing queries, and fetching results. There is a single API 
entry point where a user can follow the dots and look at the code-insight and Javadocs that pop up in the IDE. Default properties 
can be overriden by builder-style "with" methods like *withRowCount()*. A middle ground is taken between text configuration and configuration 
fully-expressed in code to keep things simple and readable.

### Scale Rather Than Iterations
Repeating tests can be useful for testing the effects of caching (e.g. load file multiple times; is it faster on subsequent loads?), or overcoming a lack of 
precision in OS timers (e.g. run a fast function many times and average), or average out variability between runs (there are always anomalies). On the other hand, 
if the context of the test is processing large data sets, then it's better to measure against large data sets where possible. This provides a benchmark test
that's closer to the real thing when it comes to memory consumption, garbage collection, thread usage, and JIT optimizations. Repeating tests, though useful in
some scenarios, can have the effect of taking the operation under test out of the benchmark equation because of cached results, resets for each iteration, 
limited heap usage, or smaller data sets that are too uniform.

### Adjust Scale For Each Test
When measuring a full set of benchmarks for transforming data, some benchmarks will naturally be faster than others (e.g. sums vs joins). Running all benchmarks
at the same scale (e.g. 10 million rows) could yield results where one benchmark takes a minute and another takes 100 milliseconds. Is the 100 ms test 
meaningful, especially when measured in a JVM? Not really, because there is no time to assess the impact of JVM ergonomics or the effect of OS background 
tasks. A better way is to set scale multipliers to amplify row count for tests that need it.

### Test-centric Design
Want to know what tables and operations the test uses? Go to the test. Want to know what the framework is doing behind the scenes? Step through the test.
Want to run one or more tests? Start from the test rather than configuring an external tool and deploying to that. Let the framework handle the hard part.
The point is that a benchmark test against a remote server should be as easy and clear to write as a unit test. As far as is possible, data generation 
should be defined in the same place it's used... in the test.

### Running in Multiple Contexts
Tests are developed by test-writers, so why not make it easy for them?  Run tests from the IDE for ease of debugging. Point the tests to a local or a remote
Deephaven Server instance. Or package tests in a jar and run them locally or remotely from the Benchmark uber-jar. The same tests should work whether 
running everything on the same system or different system.

### Measure Where It Matters
The Benchmark framework allows the test-writer to set each benchmark measurement from the test code instead of relying on a mechanism that measures 
automatically behind the scenes. Measurements can be taken across the execution of the test locally with a *Timer* like in the 
[JoinTablesFromKafkaStreamTest](src/it/java/io/deephaven/benchmark/tests/internal/examples/stream/JoinTablesFromKafkaStreamTest.java) example test
or fetched from the remote Deephaven instance where the test is running as is done in the 
[StandardTestRunner](src/it/java/io/deephaven/benchmark/tests/standard/StandardTestRunner.java) 
used for nightly Deephaven benchmarks. Either way the submission of the result to the Benchmark framework is under the test-writer's control.

## Other Deephaven Summaries

[Summary of Comparison Benchmarks](docs/ComparisonSummary.md)
![Operation Rate Product Comparison](https://storage.googleapis.com/deephaven-benchmark/compare/deephaven/benchmark-summary.svg?)

Commit message:

Added a link to the release distribution doc

README.md, after:

# Deephaven Benchmark

[Summary of Latest Successful Nightly Benchmarks](docs/NightlySummary.md)
![Operation Rate Change Tracking By Release](https://storage.googleapis.com/deephaven-benchmark/nightly/deephaven/benchmark-summary.svg?)
([See Other Deephaven Summaries Below](#other-deephaven-summaries))

The Benchmark framework provides support for gathering performance measurements and statistics for operations on tabular data.  It uses the JUnit
framework as a runner and works from popular IDEs or from the command line. It is geared towards scale testing interfaces capable of ingesting 
table data, transforming it, and returning tabular results. 

Currently, most benchmarks that use the framework are aimed at broad coverage of single query operations executed in 
[Deephaven Community Core](https://deephaven.io/community/) through the Barrage Java Client. Tests focus on querying static parquet files, 
streamed Kafka topics, and replayed data.

The project maintains several hundred standardized benchmarks for Deephaven query operations that are tracked both from release-to-release and 
nightly. Results are regularly published to a read-only GCloud bucket (*deephaven-benchmark*) available through the public storage API. 

The typical workflow of a Benchmark test is... *Configure table/column generation* --> *Execute Query* --> *Measure Results*.  This is all done inside a JUnit test class.

Tests are designed to scale by changing a scale property value call *scale.row.count*, and per-test scale multipliers, so the same test can be used in multiple runs 
at different scales for comparison.  For ease of comparison, collected results use processing rates for benchmarked operations in addition to elapsed time. MXBean 
metrics are also collected for each benchmark as well as details about the platform where each test ran.

Tests are run client-server, so the test runner does not need to be co-located with the Deephaven Engine. Measurements and statistics are taken directly 
from the engine(s) to reduce the affect of I/O and test setup on the results.

Resources:
- [Getting Started](docs/GettingStarted.md) - Getting set up to run benchmarks against Deephaven Community Core
- [Test-writing Basics](docs/TestWritingBasics.md) - How to generate data and use it for tests
- [Collected Results](docs/CollectedResults.md) - What's in the benchmark results
- [Running the Release Distribution](docs/distro/BenchmarkDistribution.md) - How to run Deephaven benchmarks from a release tar file
- [Running from the Command Line](docs/CommandLine.md) - How to run the benchmark jar with a test package
- [Published Results Storage](docs/PublishedResults.md) - How to grab and use Deephaven's published benchmarks

## Concepts

### Self-guided API
The *Bench* API uses the builder pattern to guide the test writer in generating data, executing queries, and fetching results. There is a single API 
entry point where a user can follow the dots and look at the code-insight and Javadocs that pop up in the IDE. Default properties 
can be overriden by builder-style "with" methods like *withRowCount()*. A middle ground is taken between text configuration and configuration 
fully-expressed in code to keep things simple and readable.

### Scale Rather Than Iterations
Repeating tests can be useful for testing the effects of caching (e.g. load file multiple times; is it faster on subsequent loads?), or overcoming a lack of 
precision in OS timers (e.g. run a fast function many times and average), or average out variability between runs (there are always anomalies). On the other hand, 
if the context of the test is processing large data sets, then it's better to measure against large data sets where possible. This provides a benchmark test
that's closer to the real thing when it comes to memory consumption, garbage collection, thread usage, and JIT optimizations. Repeating tests, though useful in
some scenarios, can have the effect of taking the operation under test out of the benchmark equation because of cached results, resets for each iteration, 
limited heap usage, or smaller data sets that are too uniform.

### Adjust Scale For Each Test
When measuring a full set of benchmarks for transforming data, some benchmarks will naturally be faster than others (e.g. sums vs joins). Running all benchmarks
at the same scale (e.g. 10 million rows) could yield results where one benchmark takes a minute and another takes 100 milliseconds. Is the 100 ms test 
meaningful, especially when measured in a JVM? Not really, because there is no time to assess the impact of JVM ergonomics or the effect of OS background 
tasks. A better way is to set scale multipliers to amplify row count for tests that need it.

### Test-centric Design
Want to know what tables and operations the test uses? Go to the test. Want to know what the framework is doing behind the scenes? Step through the test.
Want to run one or more tests? Start from the test rather than configuring an external tool and deploying to that. Let the framework handle the hard part.
The point is that a benchmark test against a remote server should be as easy and clear to write as a unit test. As far as is possible, data generation 
should be defined in the same place it's used... in the test.

### Running in Multiple Contexts
Tests are developed by test-writers, so why not make it easy for them?  Run tests from the IDE for ease of debugging. Point the tests to a local or a remote
Deephaven Server instance. Or package tests in a jar and run them locally or remotely from the Benchmark uber-jar. The same tests should work whether 
running everything on the same system or different system.

### Measure Where It Matters
The Benchmark framework allows the test-writer to set each benchmark measurement from the test code instead of relying on a mechanism that measures 
automatically behind the scenes. Measurements can be taken across the execution of the test locally with a *Timer* like in the 
[JoinTablesFromKafkaStreamTest](src/it/java/io/deephaven/benchmark/tests/internal/examples/stream/JoinTablesFromKafkaStreamTest.java) example test
or fetched from the remote Deephaven instance where the test is running as is done in the 
[StandardTestRunner](src/it/java/io/deephaven/benchmark/tests/standard/StandardTestRunner.java) 
used for nightly Deephaven benchmarks. Either way the submission of the result to the Benchmark framework is under the test-writer's control.

## Other Deephaven Summaries

[Summary of Comparison Benchmarks](docs/ComparisonSummary.md)
![Operation Rate Product Comparison](https://storage.googleapis.com/deephaven-benchmark/compare/deephaven/benchmark-summary.svg?)
